1  CRUD 
	Fields for new user
Name
Email
Username

Have to show all the field ie name, email, username

You have to implement it using backend as full stack project ( Its mandatory )

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1f35oJ1_eoJddSBjp1Z6QAsyL0hP2g4SbySvz2CVfMeg/edit


Test - Aditya 


Problem Statement -
Create an application where 
You can add a shop with its name, the area of the shop in the city, the category of the shop, the opening and closing date of the shop
You can see the list of all the shops
You can filter the list of shops based on the area, the category, the open/close status(this should be decided by taking the current date and seeing if its lying between the opening and closing date of the shop)
Areas -
Jayanagar.
Basavanagudi.
JP Nagar.
Padmanabhanagar.
Banashankari.
Uttarahalli.
Kumaraswamy.
Girinagar.
Shops Category -
Grocery
Butcher
Baker
Chemist
Stationery shop
Hardware shop
Flower
Newsagent
Furniture
Approach -
Planning
1. Think of all the components you will have to create
2. Which component will be child or parent of which component, component tree structure
3. What will be all the data the application will need to hold
4. Which component will need which data
5. Which all actions will you need to make changes to the redux state and from which component should the action be generated
Building
1. Create the components with the UI
2. Create the redux state, store, and expose it to the react app
3. Which ever component needs whatever data, connect that component to the redux store and get that data as props
4. Dispatch actions to make necessary changes to the redux state
P.S - In the image, it says "Opening Time" and "Closing Time", please consider it as "Opening Date" and "Closing Date" instead.
Guidelines -
1. You have to submit your tests in your repositories.
2. The test is for 6 hours, starting at 11, until 5 in the evening, late submissions will not be evaluated, timestamp of the submission will be checked.
3. Kindly write your own solutions, any two solutions found to be similar will fetch 0 marks to both the parties.
4. The evaluation form is shared for you to ONLY READ, for you to have a look at the marks breakdown, DO NOT FILL that form, it is to be filled by your MENTOR, if a mentor complains that he/she hasn't filled your form and your entry exists, you will be disqualified.
Evaluation form - https://forms.gle/GJq8E7u3qgkA6uMc9





